13 bean crock pot soup
412073
730
28177
20100208
course mainingredient preparation lowprotein healthy verylowcarbs clearsoups soupsstews beans lowfat crockpotslowcooker dietary lowcholesterol lowsaturatedfat lowcalorie lowcarb healthy2 lowinsomething equipment
69.1 2.0 11.0 35.0 12.0 2.0 2.0
9
place beans in a colander and sort through them  picking out any rocks or debris rinse the beans with water and then drain the water away place beans in crock pot and add the 6 cups of water put the lid on the crock pot and leave the beans to soak in the cold water overnight or for at least 8 hours pour the beans and water into the colander rinse gently  drain and return beans to the crock pot add the rest of the ingredients to the crock pot and stir to combine set the crock pot on low and cook for 35 hours or until beans and veggies are soft serve with fresh garlic bread and enjoy 
a crock pot version of 13 bean soup.  super easy  super yummy  i buy the 13 bean soup mix in the bulk section of my supermarket.  it contains the 13 varieties of dry beans as follows  baby limas large limas garbanzo great northern blackeyed peas navy black red pinto red lentils green lentils yellow splits green splits  and kidney beans.  even my toddler had fun eating this soup.  it was almost like watching a kid sort their mm candies into colors  we took the opportunity to teach her the name of each bean as she picked it out to eat.  be sure to plan ahead as the beans need to soak overnight or for 8 hours before cooking.  cook time noted includes soaking time.  update december 2011  since hosting the january 2011 soupfest tag game in the topic of the month forum i have been using sharon123s recipe for homemade herb  garlic broth link in ingredients section instead of just plain water as the soup base.  its absolutely delicious and so easy to make and store in the freezer.  feel free to use that recipe or any other broth for some or all of the water in the soup not for soaking the beans.
soup mix water ham leeks garlic cloves carrots celery basil thyme worcestershire sauce salt pepper
