4 fun salsa s in one
372771
4 fun salsa s in one
58104
20090519
30minutesorless timetomake course mainingredient cuisine preparation occasion northamerican sauces condimentsetc fruit vegetables american mexican southwesternunitedstates texmex easy nocook refrigerator dinnerparty summer vegan vegetarian salsas dietary spicy seasonal tastemood sweet equipment presentation servedcold technique
137.5 12.0 30.0 0.0 5.0 5.0 5.0
20
main tomato salsa mix all ingredients together and chill for flavors to meld smoky and spicy salsa add the ingredients to the main salsa depending on how smoky and spicy you can add the ingredients to 1  3 to all the main salsa spiked fruity salsa pour the lime vodka over the mango and cucumbers let sit for 10 minutes add the ingredients to the main salsa your choice of how much main salsa you add to it guacamole using 14 avocados blend in as much salsa as desired serve with chips  enhance your favorite wraps  top grilled chicken  fish  or beef hint if making all four recipe above  and want to have about the same servings of each salsa divide the main tomato salsa keeping 1  3 of it to have as is for the smoked and spicy salsa add its ingredients to 1  3 of the main tomato salsa for the spiked fruity salsa add ingredients to 1  6 of the main tomato salsa for guacamole add ingredients to 1  6 of the maintomato slasa season all with additional lime juice  salt and pepper to taste have fun 
here you have 1 main salsa. 2smokey and spicy salsa. 3 spiked fruity salsa.  4 guacamole salsa. your choice this recipe was created  by the whine  cheese gang leslie cilantro love of herbs. ncmysteryshoppervodka the queen of mixed drinks. susie dgarlic many healthy properties. mamas kitchenbrown sugar to sweet  mommy diva  serrano cause she too likes it spicy  laury  refreshing limes.  brenda. onion sweet and spicy she is all in one. chia  juicy ripe tomatoes. french tart  sundried tomatoes cos she lives in the sun have rosy cheeks when i drink too much and i have a dry sense of humour  jubes for the love love love of tomatoes. megnbrycesmom  bright fruit like mango bc she adores color  pannan  soft and creamy avocado. peter j  cool as a cucumber  pot scrubber  fresh cracked pepper salt and cumin for his spiciness. ritachipotle in adobo sauce i like it smokey hotwe put these all together and came out with this yummy recipes.for each of the last three salsas use your taste buds to see how much of the main salsa to add. have fun creating your mixes. cant wait to see what you did
red ripe tomatoes onion fresh cilantro fresh parsley garlic fresh cracked pepper salt ground cumin serrano chili jalapeno lime sundried tomato packed in oil brown sugar chipotle chile in adobo adobo sauce mango cucumber vodka avocado
