a fun and frolic kind of avocado  bacon  and tomato wrap yippee
254176
a fun and frolic kind of avocado  bacon  and tomato wrap yippee
428885
20070919
bacon 30minutesorless timetomake course mainingredient preparation occasion for1or2 verylowcarbs lunch snacks pork easy beginnercook picnic dietary lowcholesterol lowcalorie comfortfood lowcarb inexpensive healthy2 lowinsomething meat brunch tastemood savory togo numberofservings
74.9 7.0 7.0 12.0 9.0 10.0 1.0
10
cook bacon your preferred method could be in microwave  iron skillet  or baked warm tortillas or pita in microwave for 10 seconds  or in oven wrapped in foil for 10 minutes at 350degrees as tortillas are warmed  spread sour cream  or mayonnaise thinly on inner part add cheese lightly add lettuce  tomato  bacon  green onion  and avocado nicely and roll carefully add salt and pepper  and devour at one end make sure your shoes are off  and you have a candle lit it makes this extra special try it and see
you can smell the bacon from the outside the house. fall is approaching and the wind has picked up a little bit and a nice breeze is blowing from the south which in turn transfers the aroma of fresh bacon right out the window and into your nose. dennis was wondering what was going on after all it was the middle of a fall afternoon. the door creaks open dennis slips off his boots hangs up his hat on the pegged hanger and rushes into the kitchen. i turned around to greet him with a smile and laughing at his questioning look i tilt my head and say its bacon dennis i know i know.... tests dennis with a small voice. dennis loves bacon. he will eat a couple of pieces a day that would be if i let him. i decided i would at least bring some healthfulness to him and something tasty at the same time. one piece of bacon wrapped in a tortilla or pita for that matter with an abundance of lettuce tomato and special spritely green onion with a spot of cheese dotted on the top would be the answer to his dream.
cooked bacon tomatoes green onion shredded cheddar cheese sour cream lettuce salt pepper avocado tabasco sauce
