a grape picker s lunch  sausages and lentils with thyme and wine
393717
a grape picker s lunch  sausages and lentils with thyme and wine
242729
20091008
60minutesorless timetomake course mainingredient cuisine preparation occasion maindish beef pork vegetables french german european fall heirloomhistorical holidayevent winter stews onedishmeal seasonal comfortfood meat beefsausage porksausage onions tastemood numberofservings presentation servedhot
718.3 62.0 23.0 55.0 75.0 63.0 14.0
12
heat the oil in a large casserole dish such as a le creuset or dutch oven and over a medium heat fry the bacon until crispy remove the bacon and then add the sausages  brown them on all sides remove the sausages add the onion chunks and turn up the heat so that they soften and take on a crispy caramel colour put the sausages back into the dish and add the thyme  lentils and garlic  cook for a minute stirring all the time then add the stock or consomm and the wine lower the heat to a slow simmer and partially cover with a lid simmer for 35 minutes  or until the lentils are tender and the sausages cooked through season with salt and pepper to taste  and then crumble in the crispy bacon just before serving  with a few more fresh thyme leaves allow people to help themselves from the pot in the middle of the table serve with assorted salads  bread  cheese and a glass or three of wine  vive la vendange 
i am lucky enough to live in the cognac and pineau grape growing area of south west france  we also grow grapes for the excellent local charentemaritime wine in this area. our woodman monsieur jacquot has a small chateau with several vineyards and every year we are invited to join in on the first or last day of the vendange  the grape harvest. and every year madame jacquot prepares and cooks the most delicious food for all of the grape pickers family and invited friends. this year 2009 the harvest started on the 1st october and this is the dish she made for us served simply with fresh salads assorted local breads local butter cheese and of course local wine pineau and cognac. i asked her for the recipe and she rattled out the ingredients at a rapid pace whilst i scribbled them down on the back of an envelope  i have recreated this recipe at home twice now and this is almost as good as hers is mind you she set hers out on long tables with white linen and beautiful old vintage crockery.......i found out that the white linen were bed sheets never used on a bed she stressed kept for large gatherings. the key to this recipe is simplicity and good sausages and wine. i used local toulouse sausages meaty and with a high 85 meat content. but you can use any good meaty sausages that you have available locally  i bet high quality venison or angus beef sausages would be brilliant in this dish. also do try to source lentilles vert de puy  green puy lentils they make all the difference to this wonderful harvest dish. i hope you enjoy this recipe as much as we did sitting at the long table in the old barn under ancient beams and with beaming faces and loud laughter.  ps i cut this recipe right back from 30 people to just 4 please adjust the amounts to suit.
oil smoked bacon sausages onions fresh thyme dry green lentils garlic cloves beef stock red wine salt pepper
