a healthier smothered pork chops  mushrooms and onions
440717
a healthier smothered pork chops  mushrooms and onions
1329782
20101028
weeknight 60minutesorless timetomake course mainingredient cuisine preparation occasion northamerican maindish pork dinnerparty comfortfood meat porkchops tastemood
689.8 45.0 15.0 22.0 97.0 52.0 11.0
23
pork chops  set the pork chops out on the counter so they get to room temperature season well with the salt and pepper and rub it in well then add the flour and italian seasoning to a small bowl and mix well dredge each porch chop in the flour  and shake off the extra  but make sure it is coated well then in a large deep saute pan  add the oil and butter and bring to medium high heat saute the pork chops on each side until golden brown shouldnt take more than 34 minutes per side once golden brown  remove and set on a plate off to the side while you prepare the base vegetables vegetable base  to the same pan  lower to medium heat  add the remaining butter and olive oil  garlic and onions and cook about 12 minutes until the onions begin to soften then add in the mushrooms and cook another minute making sure to cover them in the oil and butter mix with the onions add in the sherry wine to the pan  still on medium heat and scrape up the bottom with all those good bits cook just a minute and then add in the wine  broth  bay leaf  a pinch of salt  go easy  because the broth is salty and a pinch of pepper  along with the thyme  and rosemary then  add the pork chops back in  pushing them down in the sauce and bring to a light boil if the pork chops are not covered by the broth  add a bit more broth you can always add a bit more later cover and simmer 30 minutes until the onions and mushrooms are soft and the pork chops are tender finish  check for any additional seasoning and finish by adding in the parsley if you want your sauce thicker  you can add a bit of corn starch to a teaspoon of the broth and then slowly stir into the broth add just a little at a time and bring to a light boil once it comes to a boil the sauce will continue to thicken make the sauce as thick as you like serve  over mashed potatoes  buttered noodles or rice and i like to garnish with chopped scallions enjoy 
i took several recipes that i liked  but they werent quite right so this is the end result. this has no soup no heavy breading no cheese no tomatoes no bacon and no cream.  it uses a pork loin which i love to buy vs. individual pork chops because i can cut them any thickness and also it saves money. i cook part of it and freeze the rest for a dinner like this.  i also use fresh mushrooms onions garlic a base of chicken stock white wine and sherry for a unique flavor. and of course fresh herbs thyme bay leaf and rosemary.  some fresh scallions to garnish and i prefer to serve mine over mashed spuds. mashed potatoes are the perfect comfort food to me however butter noodles or rice could also be an option. green beans is what i always make with it they just seem to go together. it is still very comforting but i left out the heavy breading and some of the other ingredients which just added additional calories which i didnt need.  give it a try.
pork chops flour vegetable oil butter italian seasoning salt pepper onion cremini mushrooms garlic chicken broth white wine sherry wine bay leaf fresh thyme fresh rosemary fresh parsley starch olive oil scallions
