almost  my grandma s rouladen   melissa d arabian
473002
almost  my grandma s rouladen   melissa d arabian
546010
20120125
timetomake mainingredient cuisine preparation beef german european dietary lowsodium lowcalorie lowcarb lowinsomething meat 4hoursorless
495.2 44.0 25.0 25.0 79.0 50.0 5.0
36
preheat the oven to 325 degrees f in a dutch oven over mediumlow heat  cook the bacon crisp to render the fat once the bacon is cooked  remove from pan and set aside reserve the rendered bacon fat in pan begin prepping the meat if the meat is too thick  you may butterfly to make thinner salt and pepper the steaks and lay flat on a large cutting board pound to tenderize flatten to 1  2 if possible flip  pound the other side repeat as necessary to ensure thinness i like to cover the meat over  under with a piece of clear plastic wrap to minimize messiness while tenderizing the meat brush the top side of the slices with enough mustard just to coat spread with dill pickle relish and bacon  lardons sprinkle half the onion on top of the pickle relish starting at the short end  roll the meat up jellyroll style  and secure with kitchen twine in 34 places sprinkle with salt and pepper reheat the bacon fat to the dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add the meat and brown all sides of the meat remove the meat from the pan add oil if necessary and add the remaining onion  carrot and celery cook until tender  about 5 minutes add the garlic and cook 1 minute deglaze the pan with the wine scrape up any bits off the bottom of the pan  then add in the canned tomatoes with their juice add the beef stock nestle the meat back into the pan  bring to a simmer  cover and bake until the meat is tender  about 90 minutes turn the meat once halfway through cooking if you need to add a bit more stock  do so the sauce will be on the thick side and full of the veggies let rest for 510 minutes do not remove the twine just yet slice meat 1 thick with the twine in place or not it will be fall apart tender and the beef may shred no worries  it still tastes fantastic  i would suggest using a sharp knife or an electric knife serve with mashed potatoes  yum  ladle the sauce over the meat and potatoes enjoy 
this is a delicious version of beef rouladen. i have tried a couple recipes over the years and i was not always happy with the tenderness of the meat.  in my quest to get tender slice of beef i sought out a recipe using red wine  a meat tenderizer.  i am happy to report that i struck gold with this recipe. the addition of red wine made all the difference. it was fall apart tender. i had hope for nice pretty slices but that didnt happen.  i did modify the recipe just a tad and added 1 c of beef broth so there would be enough liquid to braise the meat in while baking.  im glad i did or there would not have been enough sauce.  recipe courtesy melissa darabian and food network.
bacon round steaks salt fresh ground pepper dijon mustard yellow onions dill pickle relish vegetable oil carrot celery garlic cloves red wine beef stock diced tomatoes kitchen twine
