i coulda had a stuffed pepper  stuffed peppers
341816
i coulda had a stuffed pepper  stuffed peppers
133933
20081205
timetomake course mainingredient preparation maindish beef groundbeef meat 4hoursorless
213.4 13.0 32.0 34.0 36.0 17.0 5.0
15
preheat oven to 350 cut the stems off the peppers  remove the seeds and membranes from inside  then rinse well with water to wash set aside if you choose to use the lemon juice and sugar  combine them with the vegetable juice cocktail and set aside in a bowl  add the ground beef  onion  salt  pepper  rice  egg  3 tablespoons of water and cup of the vegetable juice cocktail mixture mix until very well combined stuff each prepared pepper with 1  6 of the meat mixture place the stuffed peppers  cut side up  in a baking dish that will hold the peppers in one layer but keep them fairly close together pour the remaining juice mixture around the peppers it should come to about 2  3 up the sides of the peppers spoon just a bit of the juice onto the meat in each pepper and place in the oven bake for about an hour  basting every 10 minutes or so  until the meat is cooked through  the rice is soft  and the sauce has thickened up a bit it should look more like sauce at this point than juice serve and enjoy after adding the juice  bring to a boil  then lower the heat  baste  cover and simmer  and continue basting every 10 minutes or so until done
after having stuffed peppers a few times i finally just decided i didnt like them.  that was until a neighbor brought me some stuffed peppers for dinner one evening while i was ill.  i decided to eat them just because i felt too sick to make anything for myself and im glad i did.  they were absolutely wonderful with a different richer flavor than the traditional stuffed peppers i had always tried before.  she was hesitant to give up her secret but i begged and begged until she did.  so here it is.note that the lemon juice and sugar are optional.  they were my adaptation to the recipe and i like the flavor they impart to the sauce.  but it is a matter of personal taste and the peppers are still excellent without them.  just use the secret ingredient that replaces the traditional tomato sauce as is.  a 4th tablespoon of rice can also be added if you prefer but if you do add 2 more tablespoons of the liquid to the meat mixture.  there is also a note at the bottom which gives directions on preparing these on top of the stove or in an electric skillet if youd prefer.
green peppers vegetable juice cocktail lemon juice sugar lean ground beef onion salt pepper raw rice water egg
